README.md, before:

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/neos/seo/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/neos/seo)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/neos/seo/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/neos/seo)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/neos/seo/license)](LICENSE)

# Neos.Seo

A package to enable additional SEO features for Neos CMS.

It includes for example:

* Meta tags
* Sitemap
* Social tags
* Structured data

Check the [documentation](https://neos-seo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for all features and usage. 

## Installation and usage

1. Run the following command f.e. in your site package:
   ```bash
   composer require --no-update neos/seo
   ```
   
2. Update your dependencies by running the following command in your project root folder:
   ```bash
   composer update
   ```
   
3. [Read the documentation](https://neos-seo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)


## License

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

TASK: Add note to readme about upmerges

README.md, after:

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/neos/seo/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/neos/seo)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/neos/seo/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/neos/seo)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/neos/seo/license)](LICENSE)

# Neos.Seo

A package to enable additional SEO features for Neos CMS.

It includes for example:

* Meta tags
* Sitemap
* Social tags
* Structured data

Check the [documentation](https://neos-seo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for all features and usage. 

## Installation and usage

1. Run the following command f.e. in your site package:
   ```bash
   composer require --no-update neos/seo
   ```
   
2. Update your dependencies by running the following command in your project root folder:
   ```bash
   composer update
   ```
   
3. [Read the documentation](https://neos-seo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)


## Contributions

### Doing upmerges

To do an upmerge from 2.1 to 3.x run the following command

    git checkout master && git fetch && git reset --hard origin/master && git merge --no-ff --no-commit origin/2.1 --strategy-option=ours

## License

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
